Add Bump to the Addon page (#204)
Slimefun/Wiki: pages/Addons.md

VillagerUtil | Apeiros-46B | <details><summary>expand</summary>VillagerUtil adds a few tools that allow for easy transportation of villagers, curing zombified villagers, cycling trades and more.</details> | [Readme](https://github.com/Apeiros-46B/VillagerUtil/blob/main/README.md) | [GitHub](https://github.com/Apeiros-46B/VillagerUtil) | [Builds](https://thebusybiscuit.github.io/builds/Apeiros-46B/VillagerUtil/main)
Missile Warfare | Kaiyan2006 | <details><summary>expand</summary>Missile Warfare adds a bunch of missiles to Slimefun that can be fired at others!</details> | N/A | [GitHub](https://github.com/koiboi-dev/MissileWarfare) | [Releases](https://github.com/koiboi-dev/MissileWarfare/releases)
SlimefunAdvancements | char321 | <details><summary>expand</summary>SlimefunAdvancements adds fully configurable advancements to Slimefun. Easily create your own progression!</details> | [Readme](https://github.com/qwertyuioplkjhgfd/SlimefunAdvancements/blob/main/README.md) | [Github](https://github.com/qwertyuioplkjhgfd/SlimefunAdvancements) | [Builds](https://thebusybiscuit.github.io/builds/qwertyuioplkjhgfd/SlimefunAdvancements/main/)

> Bump | SlimefunGuguProject | <details><summary>expand</summary>A Slimefun4 addon that adds magic weapon, food and appraisal system.Through the appraisal system, you could even get the 8 stars weapon or armor.</details> | [Readme](https://github.com/SlimefunGuguProject/Bump/blob/main/README.md) | [Github](https://github.com/SlimefunGuguProject/Bump) | [Builds](https://builds.guizhanss.net/SlimefunGuguProject/Bump/main/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bump | SlimefunGuguProject | <details><summary>expand</summary>A Slimefun4 addon that adds magic weapons, food and an appraisal system. Through the appraisal system, you could even get an 8 star weapon or armor.</details> | [Readme](https://github.com/SlimefunGuguProject/Bump/blob/main/README.md) | [Github](https://github.com/SlimefunGuguProject/Bump) | [Builds](https://builds.guizhanss.net/SlimefunGuguProject/Bump/main/)
```
